Long short-term memory neural networks (#1460)
pymor/pymor: docs/source/tutorial_mor_with_anns.md

{class}`~pymor.reductors.neural_network.NeuralNetworkInstationaryStatefreeOutputReductor` and the
corresponding {class}`~pymor.models.neural_network.NeuralNetworkInstationaryStatefreeOutputModel`.

> 

Author: See #1821.

the forget gate. Hence, small values in the output of the layer correspond to parts of the cell
state that are diminished, while values near 1 mean that the corresponding parts of the cell
state remain intact. As input to the forget gate serves the pair {math}`(h_{k-1},\mu(t_k))`.

##### The input gate
```{image} lstm_cell_input_gate.svg
:alt: Input gate of an LSTM cell
:align: right
```
To further change the cell state, an LSTM cell contains a so called *input gate*. This gate mainly
consists of two layers, a sigmoid layer and an hyperbolic tangent layer. As in the forget gate,
the sigmoid layer determines which parts of the cell state to adjust. On the other hand, the
hyperbolic tangent layer determines how to adjust the cell state. Using the hyperbolic tangent as
activation function scales the output to be between -1 and 1, and allows for small updates of the
cell state. To finally compute the update, the outputs of the sigmoid and the hyperbolic tangent
layer are multiplied entry-wise. Afterwards, the update is added to the cell state (after the cell
state passed the forget gate). The new cell state is now prepared to be passed to the subsequent

> LSTM cell.

Reviewer: Maybe also describe the inputs of this gate, as done above? Also maybe further above mention the outer input and output of the LSTM in a tuple like way?

Author: Would you mind taking another look at this part @TiKeil (once the new version of the documentation is built)? At the end of the general paragraph about the LSTM cell, I added a short note on the input and the output of an individual LSTM cell.

sigmoid activation function is applied to the concatenated pair {math}`(h_{k-1},\mu(t_k))` of
hidden state and input. Both results are multiplied entry-wise. This results in a filtered version
of the (normalized) cell state. Finally, a projection layer is applied such that the result of the
output gate has the desired size and can take arbitrary real values (before, due to the sigmoid and
hyperbolic tangent activation functions, the outcome was restricted to the interval from -1 to 1).
The projection layer applies a linear function without an activation (similar to the last layer of
a usual feedforward neural network but without bias). Altogether, the *output gate* produces an
output {math}`o(t_k)` that is returned and a new hidden state {math}`h_k` that can be passed
(together with the updated cell state {math}`c_k`) to the next LSTM cell.

#### LSTMs for model order reduction
The idea of the approach implemented in pyMOR is the following: Instead of passing the current
time instance as an additional input to the neural network, we use an LSTM that takes at each time
instance {math}`t_k` the (potentially) time-dependent input {math}`\mu(t_k)` as an input and uses

> the hidden states from the former timestep. The output {math}`o(t_k)` of the LSTM (and therefore

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the hidden states of the former time step. The output {math}`o(t_k)` of the LSTM (and therefore
```
